What is the difference between a Python tuple and Python list?

Lists are mutable and tuples are not mutable
Lists maintain the order of the items and tuples do not maintain order
Lists are indexed by integers and tuples are indexed by strings


Tuples can be expanded after they are created and lists cannot


Which of the following methods work both in Python lists and Python tuples?

index()
pop()
sort()
reverse()
append()

What will end up in the variable y after this code is executed?
A dictionary with the key 3 mapped to the value 4
A two item tuple
A two item list


In the following Python code, what will end up in the variable y?
A tuple with three integers
A list of integers
A list of tuples
A list of strings

Which of the following tuples is greater than x in the following Python sequence?
(6, 0, 0)
(5, 0, 300)
(0, 1000, 2000)
(4, 100, 200)

What does the following Python code accomplish, assuming the c is a non-empty dictionary?

It computes the average of all of the values in the dictionary
It computes the largest of all of the values in the dictionary
It sorts the dictionary based on its key values
It creates a list of tuples where each tuple is a value, key pair

If the variable data is a Python list, how do we sort it in reverse order?


data.sort.reverse()


data.sort(reverse=True)


data = sortrev(data)


data = data.sort(-1)

1 point
8.Question 8
Using the following tuple, how would you print 'Wed'?



print(days.get(1,-1))


print(days[2])


print(days{2})


print[days(2)]


print(days(2))


print(days[1])

1 point
9.Question 9
In the following Python loop, why are there two iteration variables (k and v)?



Because the items() method in dictionaries returns a list of tuples
Because there are two items in the dictionary
Because the keys for the dictionary are strings
Because for each item we want the previous and current key
Question 10
Given that Python lists and Python tuples are quite similar - when might you prefer to use a tuple over a list?


For a list of items that want to use strings as key values instead of integers


For a list of items that will be extended as new items are found


For a list of items you intend to sort in place


For a temporary variable that you will use and discard without modifying.
